whoa
damn I've been working out all my life
and I keep gaining more weight working
out then I do when I don't work out what
the fuck is wrong with me what the fuck
is wrong with my body I wonder for
someone out there who can help me
you don't got to spit bars dance at the
workout you healthy food you lose all
that fat little boy are you on that ha
ha you cranium go talk to a stained
glass offer what else a loss everything
man's blood
yeah so you over here looking in this
piece of box need some help now just
making sure there's nothing in there you
know I'm saying about it the mind the
brain power you know I'm saying I want
to get this work you need some
supervision I'm gonna help look like you
and see because you helped me to kind of
work out you know p90x insanity actually
topo
whoa
it's a special Brooklyn kind of worker
Brooklyn worker for Harlem don't worry
about that guys okay
hope this nigga don't try to rob
so we got to do what we're gonna do
first
it's your own strength so that you can
you know handle things later so I'm
gonna need you to do some push-ups Cora
push-ups ain't no problem when we do
push right hips on the field on the
field right here
don't the only me
by handed dirt
dishes like a great girl
yeah we have to push me like that you
are some bullshit man let's go
can I do something is there well I gotta
do two push-ups right here maybe back
our cousin Brooklyn we do dirt say no
more say no more
Natasha she want me to do 1718 the guy
ain't doing no 100 I said let's go
that's right that's good so full 2 1 1 1
2 2 2 milli you just went to school fuck
I just said 1 1 1 1 2 2 2 1711 1712 1730
1714 get this let me get this work this
work doing pretty good with very little
motivation let's go
Thank You teachers okay that was all
upper body what we're gonna move on to
now is your legs we're gonna work on
your legs yes yeah yeah yeah legs legs
legs you know what my legs you know the
right hitter
watch yourself just after this I think
we should meet back here every morning
for the next three weeks next week we
got a job yeah I just started working
it's about to quit anywhere anyone I
work there no more I only make 40,000
again
yes along we're gonna need to go some
pills we need we need a different type
of location
talking about said yeah we gotta listen
shit
to projects this is the perfect
environment for this type of workout see
we're gonna strengthen those legs so
that they can carry all of your upper
body mass muscle no muscle so I want you
to get low we're gonna stop them right
here I want you to crunch squat down
chuckle and creep around these projects
eight times the whole project
so you want me to so I've gotta get
bottom bushes
let's go let's go let's go let's go
creep one a nigga Phil what I'm saying
coach Hilton that's what Coach I think I
have no right be a matter of fact I see
a coach a seat right there who you're in
good fun
don't work until your breath don't good
look at this man
if you're overweight and when you
breathe people can hear you and you
don't mean for it to be like that you
need the math off the workout play keep
your head low people get shot like that
map hopper workout play in Lobby yeah
this map half the workout miss you got
me on my toes to my calf I see a creeper
birthday
you